[MUSIC]
>> Aaron Frost: So destructuring allows
you to bind a set of variables to
a corresponding set of values.
Anywhere that you can normally
bind a value to a single variable.
Awesome right?
We're like what does that even mean.
Okay.
So normally we build stuff and
when we take things apart when we destruct
an object it's always
with manual destructuring
adds a lot of well not a lot
of adds some new syntax and
some new paradigms into JavaScript.
Things that we haven't seen before.
And we're gonna talk about those.
We're gonna talk about pattern matching.
The pattern matching the more we get into
it the more advanced they can be in it.
It Changer this year and
I think it's solid again.
However it could change again.
But, for now, and you guys are like,
what does pattern matching even mean?
But I'll show you.
So, but some of this stuff,
I mean, I don't think it's
going to change, but it could.
So, there's really two approaches,
there's two main things
you're trying to destructure.
When we pull an object apart what
are we trying to pull apart?
We're trying to pull
apart bits of JSON right.
We're trying to pull apart arrays.
Really, when we take something I want
to do with that piece that array or
give me give me this value by this key
into an object we trying to pull apart.
And so we're gonna I'm gonna talk about
those separately not in the same section
of slides because they are different.
And when we talk about patterns,
the patterns change.
And the concepts are similar,
but the stuff's gonna change.
So we're gonna talk about them separately,
structuring objects and
then we'll talk about
destructuring arrays second.
So here's kind of your first
view at destructuring.
So Imagine I have like this this object
at a city say it is that BEEN it and I go
I go I called get an address to get it.
OK.
And I want to pull
I want to I want to pull
the city in the state.
This is about.
So, this is the syntax you're going
to use to put up with the structure.
OK.
And with just one line of code,
I've got three new variables.
That all went into the return that value
of that get address call to say hey,
I'm equal to the city
property of that object.
State says I'm equal to the state
And zip said I'm equal to zip
of that object Very sense.
What's going on there?
And then you can kind
of log them separately.
So, normally we spend like the tour
to the top of our functions.
We spend a lot of time, like making sure
something is got a default value, and
pulling things out, and We spent a lot of
time of at the top of each our functions
kinda data proving the function and,
kinda setting up the code
that is gonna run below.
And destructuring helps us
get that done quicker, okay.
So helps us pull incoming
objects apart so.
>> Aaron Frost: Sorry.
Okay.
So You could.
Yeah.
>> Aaron Frost: Okay, so one thing to
notice is that we have braces on the left
side of the same expression now like
we've never really seen that before.
Before the braces have only ever existed
on the right side of an assignment
expression so
whenever we've seen an equal sign.
It's not been on the left,
unless we're comparing an object on
the left to something like, but that's
a comparative that's not equals, right?
So when we're assigning
something we've never
been able to have a curly brace
on the left side of that.
So that's a new thing that they kinda
when you look at this that might be
kinda what grabs you first.
And we were able to make three separate
variables just by comma separating them.
OK.
And this this over here this is
called the restructuring pattern.
OK.
So I had to call those things very
specific names like I knew in
an address there was a city property so I
called my value my variable city as well.
Otherwise this would've worked.
Like if I tried to get through out of it
there's probably not a foo in the address,
a foo properties.
If I want to alias in though like let's
say I wanted to pull city out and
I wanna call it c this is kind of
the pattern that you would use and
if I want to pull state out And
I wanna call S, in zip.
And call it Z.
This is the syntax,
that you would do that with.
So you can kinda alias, some names.
So if we want to dork around with this.
>> Aaron Frost: Yeah,.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
>> Aaron Frost: Okay.
So, I'm gonna turn this off.
Show generated code, okay.
So, this is kind of how you would use it.
When I log the city, state, zip, the c,
s and the z, this is what I get.
If I try and log city, state, zip,
it's not gonna have them anymore.
It freaks out and
actually throws a compile error.
It says, I can't find city, and it would
do the same thing for state or zip.
So this is kind of
destructuring on the fly.
So this is kinda how you alias the names
of the things that you're pulling out.
So this becomes the name of
the property inside the address, and
then you wanna alias it to
whatever you wanna alias it to.
That's how you do it.